added a rest api task (#31)
kossiitkgp/KOSS-Selection-Tasks: Teaching/Miscellaneous/restapi.md

The data returned by the server, in response to the request of the client is either in the format of JSON or XML. Both JSON and XML format have a proper hierarchical structure of data.

Now, this sounds quite simple, right? But, the only issue which is present in this framework till now is that you have to use a lot of methods to get the required information. To the fact, using these methods to retrieve information, becomes quite cumbersome when you require complex data.

So, this is where REST API comes into the picture. The REST API creates an object, and thereafter send the values of an object in response to the client.

## What do you need to do:

The interviewee needs to make a presentation (keep the presentation simple, a simple PowerPoint presentation is good enough). The interviewee needs to keep in mind that the crowd he will be presenting to, will have mixed people of different knowledge levels, so it is advised that to keep the content balanced for all, touch upon both basics and advanced topics in the domains below. Your presentation should mainly consist of the following parts:

- What is an API?
- What are REST APIs?

> - Instead of having a front end talk to a back end which talks to the database, why don’t you just simplify and remove the middle man (the server)?

Reviewer: Simplify the context of database here

- REST API Methods

> - How to consume an API (take an example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to cons an API (can create a simple frontend or a cli that uses a public api available)
```

- Creating a basic API (you can use Flask)

**Please remember to keep the presentation short and concise. Long presentation bores the audience and you will also get tired in presenting. It has also been observed that images, quotes, interactive programming sessions tend to keep the audience interested in the content. (Recommended: Keep he presentation with 20 slides). Interview should be also prepared for questions regarding the topics being presented by him/her.**

## Materials:

- Google xD

## Tech Stack:

> Prior knowledge of basic python is required to do this task. However newbies having basic programming knowledge can also be alloted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However newbies having basic programming knowledge can also be alloted. 
```
